dar issue 563 - Cloud 1 documentation, support, and migration (#6729)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/platform/_index.md

| **[InfluxDB Clustered](#influxdb-3)** | v3 (InfluxDB 3) | Commercial | Self-managed (Kubernetes) | SQL, InfluxQL | Unlimited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB Cloud Serverless](#influxdb-3)** | v3 (InfluxDB 3) | Free & Paid | Managed cloud (multi-tenant) | SQL, InfluxQL | Unlimited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated](#influxdb-3)** | v3 (InfluxDB 3) | Paid | Managed cloud (single-tenant) | SQL, InfluxQL | Unlimited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB OSS v2](#influxdb-2x)** | v2 (TSM) | Open Source | Self-managed (single-node) | Flux, InfluxQL | Limited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB Cloud (TSM)](#influxdb-2x)** | v2 (TSM) | Free & Paid | Managed cloud | Flux, InfluxQL | Limited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB OSS v1](#influxdb-1x)** | v1 (TSM) | Open Source | Self-managed (single-node) | InfluxQL | Limited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB Enterprise v1](#influxdb-1x)** | v1 (TSM) | Commercial | Self-managed (cluster) | InfluxQL, Flux (via compat) | Limited | v2, v1 |
| **[InfluxDB Cloud 1](#influxdb-1x)** | v1 (TSM) | Paid | Managed cloud | InfluxQL | Limited | v2, v1 |

**Storage engine notes:**

> - **InfluxDB 3**: Modern columnar storage engine enabling unlimited series cardinality and native SQL support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **InfluxDB 3**: Modern columnar storage engine that supports unlimited series cardinality and native SQL
```
